create a comprehensive, step-by-step guide to creating the html structure of a single-page that will be used to host a property
casualty loss reserving web app. The web app will be used to help actuaries and other insurance professionals estimate the
amount of money that will be needed to pay for future claims. The web app will be built using python, django, react, and html. Your
guide should focus on the html structure of the web app. The guide should include a description of each html element that will be
used in the web app. The guide should also include a description of the purpose of each html element. The guide should also include
code snippets of each html element. The code snippets should be written in a way that allows the reader to easily understand how
each html element will be used in the web app, as well as setting up css classes and ids for each html element.

The html should have the following properties:
1. The html should be written in a way that allows the web app to be easily modified in the future. For example, the html should
   be written in a way that allows the web app to be easily modified to include additional models, additional data sources, and
   additional model diagnostics.
2. toolbar on the left side of the page
   a. the toolbar should minimize when the user mouses away from it, and maximize when the user mouses over it
   b. the toolbar should have several accordion-style menus for data loading, model selection, model output, and model
      diagnostics
   c. the toolbar should have a "save" button that saves the current state of the web app to a json file, and a "load" button
       that loads the state of the web app from a json file
   d. when minimized, the toolbar should only show icons for the accordion-style menus, and the text labels only become visible
      when the user mouses over to the left of the page 

3. moveable and resizable panels in the main working area of the page. 
4. the web app will be named "rocky" and icons should reference the rocky mountains and/or various stages of climbing a mountain

Please provide explanations and code snippets to illustrate the key concepts and steps in the tutorial.
